Update EIP overview pages (#738)
wso2/docs-mi: en/docs/learn/enterprise-integration-patterns/message-construction/overview.md

Message construction involves the architectural patterns of various constructs, functions, and activities involved in creating and transforming a message between applications.

> This chapter introduces message construction patterns and how each of them can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This chapter introduces message construction patterns and how they can be simulated using the WSO2 Micro Integrator.
```
